hi Rachel's just helping me out my head
got all sunburned
oh thanks a million
oh you're welcome a million okay I'll be
in her room
No okay I gotta go hey I gotta go break
up with Bonnie sure yeah well yeah I
can't I can't stay here all night and if
I go in there she's gonna want to do
stuff just tell her that you are not in
the mood no she likes that yeah
faking sleep doesn't work either I can't
tell you how many mornings I woke up
there okay yeah why am I telling you
that I don't know it wasn't every
morning making it worse
that's over Oh was it awful well it was
long I didn't realize how late it was
till I noticed the five o'clock shadow
on her head
anyway she didn't want to stay we call
the cab she just left I wrote you a
letter oh thank you
I like mail there's just some things
I've been thinking about you know things
about us and before we can even think
about the two of us getting back
together I just need to know how you
feel about this stuff okay oh it's it's
5:30 in the morning so I better get
cracking on this baby I'll be waiting
for you just come up when you're done
okay I'll be up in 18 pages front and
back very exciting
you